{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23820\viewh16500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 IBM Cloud Integration Design FED Candidate Project
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 First of all\'85Thank you for your interest in IBM.  We are excited to learn more about you!  \
\
We would like for you to code up this landing page for a fictitious auto sales site.\'a0 The landing page is very straight forward, and shouldn't take too long to code, depending, of course,\'a0on how complex you choose to make it.\'a0 You are free to code it any way you'd like, and use any framework or library you think is best for this landing page, just be prepared to explain your reasoning and your overall coding process.\'a0 We are mainly looking to see how you approach coding a project from scratch.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\'a0
\b A few details:
\b0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 1. Must be fully responsive\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2. Buttons don't need to redirect anywhere\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 3. Search does not need to submit\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4. Final code pushed to Github\
5. Landing page hosted somewhere where we can see it\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 6. Have fun with it!\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 The last detail is the most important...\'a0We want you to have fun with it!\'a0 We want to see your personality in the code, and the little things you do to make this simple design come to life.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 In this folder you will find a jpg of the design, a jpg of the hover states, as well as 2 icon files.\'a0 Also included is\'a0the psd file for reference.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 We would like you to complete this project and get it back to us within 5 days of receiving it.\'a0 Sooner would be great, but we understand if you are busy and need the extra time.\'a0 If that due date doesn't work for you, then please let us know, and we can adjust accordingly.  \
\
Once completed, please contact us with the links to your project, and whatever notes you might have regarding your process.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'a0\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 We are very excited to see what you create!\'a0 Thank you again for your interest in IBM, and if you have any questions between now and then, feel free to contact us.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Contact:
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Sean Stopnik\
Manager,\'a0Lead Front-end Developer\
IBM | Cloud Integration\
sstopni@us.ibm.com\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
}